Welcome to KrazyKewlTrxFlipper

Before I go all out on a full pledged whitepaper,I believe the Investors need more of a Welcome package such as a 'Real' Who am I and what can I offer you,the 
investor. I will not lie and say these types of projects are not risky because they most definatly are. Why though? Well the first problem is the ones that are scammers...don't care about nothing but money and more money.Secondly,investors take this opportunity without realizing that if you keep investing and the Trx pool is left at a decent amount....the contract actually works! and thirdly,investors get scared,take the return before hand and just assume its a scam. Well fear not because I have been in the Tron community since it went Erc to Trc.I have already developed 6 Tron dApps and a telegram Tron Wallet that rolls dice to bet. I have a VIP community and started a new community because the old was full of bots or people that don't involve themselves in my projects.If I wanted to walk away from this crypto community, I would have done so when google banned my apps.Which now leads me to my next paragraph, the design og the website.

Bear with me on the design and layout of the website. I am constanly updating it as well as updating the data display areas on the rates. My apologies, my main expertise came from a Game Engine to create games being Unity3d,I used/use it since 2016 and the language for it was C# and a graphical interface that would allow easy placement and quick setup of games,Great! After Google went on a Rampage, I tryed for months trying to integrate Tron into Unity3d seen as how Loom Network and many other developers can and have but I needed to learn some other programing languages and database setups and interpolation and blah blah. The design of the website will change as I have taught myself the neccessary languages need to interact in a decentralized way. Again, changes to the site will be made daily.

The only way this smart contract will work and continue working is if the investment pool is kept Up and now sucked dry. There is no special hidden fees in there for me, the developer because my Vipz will be receiving a profit sharing token unknown to the public with a limited supply of 5000. These Token holders will share a part of the pool on a monthly bases and after they are released to my Vipz,they will become available to the public.

KrazyKewlTrxFlipper has not just stopped here....I have more projects on way, the next possibly being the NFT section or to carry on with the KrazyDefiFarm. I also 
can not forget about the poor ol telegram bot, KrazyBot. After this website is satisfactory to me and you, the bot will have to be started over again as I found some copy cats in telegram for my bot. Stay tuned on this one.

When I come back to this part of the project(here...whitepaper) I will have all the Math and calculations updated but I will also like to point one other thing out.
If you deposit 100trx you will only ever get back 200trx unless you leave it in there untouched will it continue to go past that. This 275% return is crap, the only way it does become that number is on an amount of trx that is equal to the millions,I don't know why they who what calulate it that way but that just means your trx amount will add up that fast....more of an honest no bull crap answer to come..
Thank you for participating in The KrazyKewl Community!
